add what is gas (#5)
darkforest-eth/developer-guides: gas/what-is-gas.md

# What is gas?

> Blockchains are a marketplace where you pay to have your transaction included. When the market is full there are two options. You can wait it out and not submit any transactions until the price falls, or you can overpay so your transactions are chosen over someone elses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Blockchains are a marketplace where you pay to have your transaction included in a block. When blocks are full, you can either wait until there is more space available, or you can overpay so your transactions are prioritized. The cost of a transaction can rapidly increase if there isn't enough block space and there are lots of folks who _really_ want their transactions to be prioritized. 
```
